index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---
# Open and Structured Content Models Project
<div class="hpfeature">
<p>
	<strong>Always Future Ready</strong><br />
	Two shared content models for "<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/models/article-model.html">articles</a>" and 
	"<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/models/event-model.html">events</a>" &ndash; two commonly used content types on government
	 web sites have been created to help government agencies easily publish content in multiple forms and on 
	 multiple platforms by a cross-agency working group sponsored by the <a href="https://www.digitalgov.gov/about/">Digital Services Innovation 
	 Center</a>.
</p>
 <img alt="" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/hpfeature.jpg" />
</div>

## We Want You To

1. Use and adapt these models within your own content management and publishing systems to help make your content platform agnostic and shareable with other agencies. 
2. [Help us]({{ site.baseurl }}/contribute.html) improve the models and plan our next steps by submitting pull requests or commenting on elements that you think should be included or need more clarification.

## About this Project/Working Group
In 2013, the [Digital Services Innovation Center](https://www.digitalgov.gov/about/) sponsored a cross-agency working group to develop 
shared and open content models for digital content across the federal government.
The working group plans to create models for additional content types. In addition, members of the 
working group will help agencies adopt and adapt these models within their organizations through 
webinars and the [DigitalGov](http://www.digitalgov.gov) platform. We also hope to foster a community of individuals and groups who 
are interested and wish to participate in this effort. We look forward to your comments, suggestions and 
contributions.

Commit message:

Updated homepage and added webinar videos to content models.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---
# Open and Structured Content Models Project
<div class="hpfeature">
<p>
	<strong>Always Future Ready</strong><br />
	Two shared content models for "<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/models/article-model.html">articles</a>" and 
	"<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/models/event-model.html">events</a>" &ndash; two commonly used content types on government
	 web sites have been created to help government agencies easily publish content in multiple forms and on 
	 multiple platforms by a cross-agency working group sponsored by the <a href="https://www.digitalgov.gov/about/">Digital Services Innovation 
	 Center</a>.
</p>
 <img alt="" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/images/hpfeature.jpg" />
</div>

## We Want You To
1. Use and adapt these models within your own content management and publishing systems to help make your content platform agnostic and shareable with other agencies. 
2. [Help us]({{ site.baseurl }}/contribute.html) improve the models and plan our next steps by submitting pull requests or commenting on elements that you think should be included or need more clarification.

## Keeping Up With The Open And Structured Content Modeling Conversation
The easiest way to keep up with what the working group is working on is to:

1. Follow and join the conversation on [GitHub](https://github.com/GSA/Open-And-Structured-Content-Models).
2. Keep up to date by reading [articles on open and structured content](http://www.digitalgov.gov/tag/content-models/) that are being published on [DigitalGov.gov](http://www.digitalgov.gov).

## About this Project/Working Group
In 2013, the [Digital Services Innovation Center](https://www.digitalgov.gov/about/) sponsored a cross-agency working group to develop 
shared and open content models for digital content across the federal government.
The working group plans to create models for additional content types. In addition, members of the 
working group will help agencies adopt and adapt these models within their organizations through 
webinars and the [DigitalGov](http://www.digitalgov.gov) platform. We also hope to foster a community of individuals and groups who 
are interested and wish to participate in this effort. We look forward to your comments, suggestions and 
contributions.
